Remember,
please hit like and subscribe for me.
Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi
everyone. Today is Friday, February the
6th. My name is Amarie Band and this is
the Moneyball Morning Report. Charts by
Trendpider and Gamma Flows by Menthther
Q. I start on the ES here, the E- Mini
S&P first because what I want to show
you, if you stare down the Twitter feed
and that noisiness there, people are
losing their minds. And so, let's have a
peek. See this move?
Monstrous upside move. The only way a
market can regulate is by working off
overbought positions. And the way it
works off overbought positions is in a
mechanic like this. So big things first.
Call
still at 7,050.
Put wall still at 6600. We've talked
about this for a couple of weeks.
This uh pesky football down here says
that they are hedging for downside drift
and an unwind. Yesterday we had broad
downside participation into the
overnight globeex. We had a gap down but
have a look at what happened.
What are we going to go to our first 30
minute candlestick? Last time I did
something said why do you use 30
minutes?
because it works for me. If you look at
this and you go, you know what, based on
the way I like to interact with the
market, I'm going to use 15 minutes.
Heck, you could use five minutes if you
want. You can use an hour if you want.
You can do anything you absolutely want.
The goal is when you position yourself
to engage in market structure so that
you can leave with a positive impact to
your account, you must have a strategy
that's in place that has strong edges
that will give you a very defined risk
and allow you to walk into your profit
space. Speaking of which, this is what
this has actually done. Notice it. We
had inventory accumulation, old
resistance all the way from back here.
That's support that became resistance.
That resistance held. Forgive me for my
froggy voice. You know, I'm battling
something. All right. So, that number
6870, we know this region 6870 6875.
This is where we're going to put our
alert
sitting right in this space. We want to
see if it breaks through above that 6875
6880. We're going to be able to move
back into the point of control which is
about 6916.
This area, look at how long it spent
here. So, here's what this means.
Everybody said we got to hold this edge.
[clears throat] Excuse me. We have to
hold this edge. And so when you don't
when you spend hours and hours and hours
and I talked about this also. Let's say
you're thinking about a long and you see
it here
and you go, "Okay, I'm going to pick the
bottom here, but it spends hours and
hours and hours
trying to hold a level just above where
you think the long is. Pull that trade.
it is very likely not to work because
what's actually happening is a fight
that says we must hold this as a floor.
It's a higher floor. If it gets broken,
I'm going to continue to the downside.
So, let's take a look at what's going on
here. Inventory accumulation. Same story
board, folks. I don't want to sound like
a broken record, but literally if you
can get your mind around this one thing
that we collect inventory in order to
sell it or we collect inventory in order
to buy it. That's it. That's all the
market's doing. Moving to and flow in
the indices. And listen, you might go,
"But don't earnings matter? Don't Yeah,
they do. but they're going to show
themselves out in terms of what they
decided
in the chart. So, just look for what
they're doing. Here we go. 30 minutes.
First 30 minutes breaks and holds.
That's now the floor. If it breaks and
holds,
it is going to go more than likely to
old support. That is new resistance. And
that usually coincides with somewhere
around that 30 minute high. So, here's
what happens next time. It goes from the
bottom to the top. If it holds like
this, remember, if you're thinking the
floor is here and you try to go long and
it breaks, that's going to be a short.
So, you want to keep your stop very
tight. If you're thinking you're going
to do that, even though I said, "Hey,
don't do that." So, here you are looking
at this edge. What does it do? It goes
from the base of accumulation to the top
of accumulation, breaks out
and then returns. Do we expect it to
break out most of the time and return?
Yes. Why? Because trend is down. When
trend is down, breakouts
are likely to fail. Now, if it pulls
into a higher low,
we got something else going on. You can
look at your 50 50% range. That's
perfectly acceptable. You can look at
the top of the range. You can look at
the close of that 30-inut candlestick.
Whatever it is, old resistance, new
support, holding the VWAP,
you've got yourself a bounce into what?
Prior resistance. Now, in hindsight, we
can see, wow, it moves all the way
ahead. But your thought as a trader, we
have no idea this is going to happen.
Your thought as a trader is this VWAP
better defend or my goose is cooked for
long without more risk that takes me to
the bottom of the box. That's it. If it
comes in, if you get up here and you go,
you know what? I'm getting out. But your
VWAP continues to hold and you've got
old support that became resistance
that gave you a higher low. That's an if
and then when it pulls back you get
yourself long. You can go up over the
box. You can also do a buy stop up above
the high of
this double topping event. Takes you
long. Where do we go to? Prior
resistance, prior supply. Looks very
good. What's going on here? Well, here
everybody got too short and now they got
to unwind.
How far are they going to unwind? My
guess is
right here. 6880 is going to be that
tell. If we get above it, we're going to
look for a look above that pulls back,
gives us a higher low. You can anchor a
VWAP right here.
Gives us a higher low. That's the
anchored VWAP from yesterday. And that
gives us the next long back up into
6914. If per happen stance, we come back
here and it loses the level and then
bounces but cannot recapture this high,
we've got ourselves more downward flow
into the value area low 6830
and then the top of the 30 minute
formation 6,800
and then below. That's all that's
happening here. This is inventory
correction from traders getting too
short and having to cover reflexive
bouncing. Let's look at the ENQ. Now,
remember, if you're thinking to
yourself, I bumped into someone the
other day that said, "I desperately need
an NQ group." Listen,
prices all behave the same. It's not
like, you know, I'm going to bring out
my Star Trek nerdiness. It's not like
fangis are working with
the NQ and humans are working on the ES
human emotion drives the market
when we particularly when we get ahead
of ourselves like this. Now you might go
well Amry you've been talking about
principles over emotions. What do you
mean emotions drive the mark? Yeah, your
emotions shouldn't drive the market, but
you can see everybody else's emotions
driving the market. These guys too
short.
They've come too short. Look, they hit
the put wall, folks. 24,500
in the NQ. Let's look at that 30 minute
formation.
Here's our 30-inut candlestick.
One of my machines has got a fan going
bad, driving me insane. I'm sure you
guys can hear it in the background. It's
so annoying. Okay, so here's the 30
minute.
What happens? Same sort of thing. Loses
the 30-inut low, bounces. Remember,
we're looking for an if then short. So,
here's the fade.
Bounces here and then holds the level.
Now, if you're looking at this on a
two-minute chart or a one minute chart,
this is going to be a really pretty
trade, very nice. But if you're looking
at on 30-inut chart for future motion,
what it's telling you is I looked I
looked below and I failed. And that look
below and fail great long to the top of
the inventory box, which is the first 30
minutes of trading. Notice where is it
most likely to go? old support goes
right into the old support edge.
You might be saying to yourself, "Oh,
maybe I'll take a short." Yes, that
works. If it comes into a higher low and
your VWAP starts proving itself out of
support, it's going to be a look below
and fail and then another look below and
fail. And that gives you your long right
into inventory accumulation.
And then you know Bob's your uncle.
Truly
simple formation. People are overly
short. They're unwinding their inventory
from yesterday. Now here's the thing.
Let's say you only traded last night.
How much inventory do you have if you're
collecting on the way up? And in what
direction is it sitting? It's all long.
So what's going to have to happen there?
Let's say you're only an overnight
trader. What are you going to do? You're
going to unwind your inventory.
Why? Uh because you want to keep the
profit that you got from down here. So,
you're going to unwind your inventory.
What does that show up as? Well, it
shows up as new people trying to short
here and all the long people unwinding
their shorts into where
frontline support. Could it be a higher
low? 24,650.
Yes.
Could it be the value area low at
24,550?
Yeah, that's the one I'm going to put
up.
Your thought should be at all times,
what's happening with near-term
inventory? Am I losing my floor of
support? What is the overall trend? And
then go from there. Don't get overly
crazy with all kinds of rules. Just look
for where the buying and selling stops
and continues. That's all there is to
the market. Do not over complicate your
trading life. It is simply not worth it.
All right,
let's go to Bitcoin. How many of you
know that I was short Bitcoin, but now
I'm flat. Um, I do believe there's going
to be a gigantic war between 60 and 68.
We bounced [snorts] right off 60. What a
magnificent support floor. It also shows
up as the daily min on menth. The put
wall is above the call wall. Remember
these? Remember when this kind of crazy
happens? That means the option traders
are off sides. They are absolutely off
sides. Only one of them can win right
now. It's the call sellers, put sellers,
they are in a heap of trouble. What is
overnight inventory doing? It's long,
but
potentially working to correct itself.
As I mentioned, I believe this zone here
is going to be very sideways, very
choppy. I do not see mass acceleration
to the upside. That being said, ladies
and gentlemen, if perhaps this floor of
support that is now resistance breaks,
you can easily
do a buy stop at 67,000.
If
you can handle the risk that's $3,000
wide, you know, micro Bitcoin is not so
bad. You might be able to do that. But I
would say, hey, let it break through. If
you're going to scalp it, you can chase
it out. But the better bet is to see
what it's been doing every time. And
that is bounce, fade, bounce, fade,
bounce, fade. These are people trying to
get out of the longs that they put in
here that made them go, "Oh my gosh,
this is the bottom." So, this is not
good structure. It is still got downward
flow bottoming formations here. I heard
some of us say, you know, I can't handle
heat. I'm getting out. It's usually
when, you know, the buying starts and
you're overleveraged. But it is what it
is, folks. Learning about how you behave
under pressure is a very important thing
that you can learn in the market. Let's
go to
the oil the oil futures.
As mentioned, if we take a look at oil,
uh it's going to go higher over time.
Doesn't mean it's not going to have
broad. Yesterday we had broad market
participation and selloff. Everybody
sold. Everybody sold everything.
Rotating it into the next bit. It was a
very frantic style day. Oil was part of
that. What's happening here? Uh this is
a potential bounce zone. $62.67.
We are moving higher. Got a lot of
noise. We could be building a brand new
inventory event, but as long as we hold
the floor sitting around the 6265, we're
in great shape. Call wall all the way up
at 65.
ZeroDT put wall at 6150.
I I suspect this has to do with
everybody being in backwardation. The
port wall is very low. It's at 58 which
is a dramatic collapse. My suspicion is
they are completely offsides with this
easily. They could run it up but people
are nervous. The market is is nervous
because we don't we're not used to
seeing things move sharply down and not
immediately recovering and go to the new
high. So everybody's flipped out and
everybody's run to these leveraged ETFs.
3x Tesla, 2x Nvidia, what whatever
they're going to shred you.
Leverage is going to hurt you when you
least expect it. So when markets start
going sideways and you lose a floor of
support in your leverage ETFs, you need
to get out of it. Now, I don't know how
many of us in here actually play around
with leverage ETFs, but trust me, they
are a dumpster fire. And the only people
who make money off of those consistently
are the ones who know how to scout the
price action and have not said, "Hey,
I'm going to hold this for long."
And the companies that deliver it as a
product. That being said, here we have
oil 6364
midline of the inventory.
I would not be surprised to see a dip be
a buy zone. That being said, if it loses
this edge here underneath $62.65,
$62 is next and then they'll try another
bounce. I do not believe energy is going
to hold itself lower. I do not believe
that. All right, let's take a look at
silver. Everybody's upset because
um requirements in silver have shifted.
I don't even remember what contract I'm
using here. This one. Yeah. Uh for those
of us that are in prop firms, I don't
want to be harsh,
but this is going to come off as harsh.
Risk is something that is
potentially a figment of of whatever it
is that you have in your mind of what
risk really is. And if a prop firm
that's agreeing to pay you out if you
make money has to protect itself,
hedges are going to be important and
limiting how you trade. Remember,
they're giving you money for free if you
pass the combines and move into an XFA
into a paid account. They get to decide
the rules, okay? Because they're running
a business.
Stop complaining.
It's just not a good look. Here we go.
Silver
uh limitations. You can only trade one
of these, I think, or two of them,
depending on what size of your account,
but it's looking like it's developing a
little bit more structure, but it's
still pretty thin, folks. It's still
thin. Now, what they're doing is trying
to base here at 70. Looking at the
chains, people are piling into calls
down here. So, they are thinking,
listen, this is a dip by. It might be
folks. But here's the problem. If calls
come in and come in and come in and
traders are forced, the other side, the
market makers are forced to buy the
instrument, we could have another lever
up and then a lever down. See how this
moved up off of this floor and then
collapsed, made a lower low. Now holding
here, what you want to see for stability
is a wide sideways motion for silver.
After that holds, then you've got the
potential to say, wait a second, upside
going to give me buying pressure,
downside going to give me selling
pressure. Remember, spot running right
around 60.
And they can still, although they're not
doing it efficiently at this juncture,
they can still pull silver out of the
ground for less than $25 an ounce, which
means the miners are going to be in good
shape. Just a side note, let's take a
look at the gold futures. Wow, I've
talked about all kinds of things that I
really should just leave alone. Okay,
put wall
4660.
came right into it last night. 30
minutes opening formation
unwind of shorts, higher low. What do we
expect price action to do? Sit sideways.
Old support, new resistance. Tons of
supply up here. 5,000 value area high.
Also a max gamma line. Could we move to
the top? Absolutely. Absolutely. Are we
going to run up the the rails? No, we
are not. We are going to sit in this
range. Very likely, we are going to sit
in this range and build a new framework.
This reflexive bounce
came in and gave us a higher low. And
so, as it sits, we've got ourselves
another higher low. That's what we want
to look for.
Low. Higher low, higher high, higher
low,
sideways formation. Now, if you're
saying to yourself, well, wait,
higher low, higher high, higher low,
higher high. Shouldn't I have another
higher high? Yes, that's coming. I don't
think it's now. But today, easily, we
can see the traders coming into the
resistance area, trying to break out,
pulling back, coming to a higher support
zone, and then moving out. This is the
only place I would not do a stop by
unless you were scalping
because these charts have a tendency to
break a ledge and then completely
collapse under it. The metals that is
okay high edge 5,49490
or so. Low edge of support today 4825.
That's my suspicion. Below it we hit the
put wall again.
Let's look at spy finally.
Oh my. Let's delete some of this
garbage.
What are we staring at?
Sideways formation. What do we do
yesterday? We fell out of value area. We
lost the value area low. What are we
trying to do? Recover value area low.
Especially after that 4 am candlestick
bounce which is what we are staring down
right now. So for spy what are we
looking for a hold of 480
excuse me 680
675 is the put wall. We fell below it
yesterday immediately recovered. What is
this? A look below and fail. What do we
do when we have a look below and fail?
We move from one edge of the inventory
box to the other. Well, that's where we
are potentially right now. Where do we
have more buying
that might engage above 684?
As long as we don't move above 684,
we're going to sit down in this mighty
chop zone. This is the new inventory
zone that we're sitting in. And so,
could you take a short right here? Yes.
Would you be moving counter trend in the
near term? Yes. However,
if you keep your stop tight, the fade
might be a good trade into sport. Look
for where the inventory accumulated. How
about the open of that 4 a.m.
candlestick
that 677? I'd watch for that.
Could they fill the gap? Remember,
there's a whole group of traders. All
they do is work on the gap fill event.
Here's the gap. Could they fill it?
Absolutely. Line in the sand. Top of the
gap here.
And that is 677.
Okay, don't fret folks. Markets do this
sort of thing. Call 700. This looks very
different to the futures chart in terms
of where the gamma flows are. Very
different. They are using the futures
market to hedge aggressively.
That's not happening in SPY. SPY is
still sitting in this space of yeah, you
know, we move in here, we move back up
into the space. All right. Be careful.
Today, Friday's Capital Preservation
Day. We want to be careful about that.
If you've had a green week, don't turn
it into a red one.
All right, take care everybody. I'll see
you on the streams.